**Slice of Suspicion**

Inspector Basil Jones stared at the chalk outline on the floor of Papa Peppo’s Pizzeria. Yellow tape roped off the scene, the usual smell of melting cheese and banana peppers replaced with a burnt, charred aroma. There, next to a half-eaten pizza slice, was what remained of Leonardo "Lenny" Scorch—head chef, self-proclaimed “Pepper King,” and now, apparent murder victim.

Jones scratched his chin, eyeing the curious crowd that had gathered at the door. Somewhere in this mix of sauce-stained aprons, eager customers, and suspicious kitchen staff was the culprit. And Basil was ready to sniff them out… though he could have done without the extra banana pepper smell sticking to his nostrils.

“Alright, everyone!” Jones clapped his hands, mustering his most authoritative tone. “I’ll be interviewing each of you one at a time, starting with those closest to our dearly departed chef.”

A young waitress, Sadie, raised her hand hesitantly. “Uh… Inspector? Can we at least have a slice while we wait? It’s nearly closing, and the ovens are still hot.”

“Fine,” Jones said, waving her off, “but nobody’s leaving until I’ve cracked this peppered mystery.”

He pulled the first suspect over: Sergio, the sous-chef and reputed rival to Lenny.

“So, Sergio,” he began, “word on the street is that you and Lenny had some… culinary disagreements?”

Sergio rolled his eyes, crossing his flour-dusted arms. “Culinary disagreements? Is that what you call it when someone steals your banana pepper blend recipe? The man didn’t know a habanero from a jalapeño! His ‘famous spicy crust’? Mine. He just used double the pepper without telling anyone.”

“And how did you feel about this… pepper plagiarism?”

“Like I wanted to give him a taste of his own burnt crust!” Sergio fumed. “But murder? Come on, I may have hated his guts, but I wouldn’t torch him like that!”

“Hmm.” Jones scribbled down a note, noticing the way Sergio’s fists clenched at the memory. “You’re dismissed. But don’t leave town, Sergio.”

Next up was Vera, the maître d’ with a penchant for gossip and a possibly criminal love of banana pepper calzones.

“Vera, you were seen near the kitchen just before the fire. Care to explain?”

Vera’s eyes widened, and she clutched her pearls. “Inspector, how dare you imply that I could be involved in something as barbaric as… as *arson*! Why, I was merely checking on the pizza’s doneness. Lenny had a habit of overcooking everything, you know.”

“And did you have any problems with Lenny?”

“Oh, I didn’t hate him,” she replied, flicking a crumb off her blouse, “but I did despise his ‘Pepper King’ attitude. The man ordered me around like I was some kind of glorified pepper grinder. I mean, really! I had dreams before I ended up here.”

“Dreams of, say, owning the pizzeria?” Jones asked, eyebrow raised.

“Maybe,” she sniffed, “but not if it involved cleaning up pepper powder every night.”

Jones sighed as he added a question mark next to her name and sent her on her way.

As he pulled in Frank, the delivery guy with a side gig in “pepper procurement,” Jones noticed Sadie the waitress edging toward the back door, a suspicious grin on her face.

“Sadie!” he called, causing her to freeze, slice mid-bite. “Trying to leave before the night’s done?”

“Oh, no, Inspector! Just, uh… getting some air.” She stuffed the rest of the slice in her mouth and sauntered over, smiling a little too innocently.

“You don’t seem too shaken by tonight’s events,” Jones observed.

Sadie shrugged, still chewing. “Well, Lenny wasn’t exactly everyone’s favorite guy. Half the staff here’s dreamed about him keeling over, if you ask me.”

“Did you dream it with a side of pepper-induced arson?”

Sadie swallowed and looked at him, wide-eyed. “Me? No way! I’m just here to work, make a few tips, maybe grab a few extra peppers for my personal stash.”

“Oh really?” Jones’s eyes narrowed. “Your… *personal stash*? Word is you’ve been selling pepper packets on the side, and Lenny recently cracked down on employees ‘borrowing’ ingredients.”

Sadie crossed her arms defiantly. “Maybe I took a few peppers here and there, but that’s hardly a reason to set the place on fire. Besides, I liked Lenny! He was tough, sure, but he always made sure I got the leftovers.”

Jones was about to question her further when a loud *whump* came from the kitchen.

He bolted over, yanking open the door to see Sergio, Vera, Frank, and Sadie huddled around the pizza oven, which was now belching black smoke. There, sticking out of the charred remains of what had been a "mega-pepper pie," was a large, round metal disk, faintly glowing.

Jones crouched down, pulling it out with a cloth. It was a miniature pepper-powered battery—an illegally amplified one, judging by the extra casing around it. This wasn’t just for cooking; it was a device designed to create serious heat.

“So that’s what blew up Lenny,” Jones murmured. He looked around, narrowing his eyes at each of them in turn. “One of you set this up to make his pizza explode on contact.”

The room went silent.

“Alright,” Jones continued, crossing his arms. “Who knew about the battery?”

Vera cleared her throat. “I might’ve heard Lenny bragging about it. He said it was going to make his pizzas the hottest in town—no one would be able to compete.”

Sergio clenched his fists again, looking away. “Yeah, he waved it around, talking about ‘turbo-heated toppings’ that would ‘change the world.’ It was insane!”

Jones turned to Sadie. “And you?”

Sadie looked sheepish. “Maybe I saw him sneaking it in last week… and thought about taking it off his hands, y’know? Just to help him out.”

Jones squinted at her. “Help him… or stop him?”

She shrugged, an amused smirk forming on her lips. “Bit of both.”

“So,” Jones said, stepping back and observing them all, “you all had a reason to sabotage his new ‘hot slice’ tech… and none of you did?”

Silence fell over the room, until Frank, the delivery guy, finally spoke up, rubbing the back of his neck. “Look, I saw him load that thing in the oven on high. I even asked him if it was safe, but he just laughed and told me I couldn’t handle the spice. I told him I’d stick around to see it, just in case, but when he started the oven, I, uh… booked it.”

Vera laughed, shaking her head. “Oh, that fool. He sabotaged himself.”

Jones suppressed a grin as the realization dawned on everyone.

“So Lenny cooked himself,” he concluded. “In his own pepper-powered oven. You’re all clear.”

The staff burst out laughing, each of them taking a relieved breath. Jones sighed, grabbing his notebook.

“Well, then,” he said with a slight smile, “case closed. But one last thing, folks: if you’re ever tempted to ‘amp up’ a pizza again… try not to make it fatal, alright?”

The group chuckled, and Sadie grabbed another slice, grinning at Jones. “We’ll keep the next ‘turbo pie’ to a manageable heat level, Inspector.”

As he left Papa Peppo’s, Jones took one last deep breath of the pizza-laden air. Another case solved, and all he had to do now was find a place where the pepper-packed pizza wouldn’t bite back.
